docs: update code references in CONTRIBUTING.md to latest tag (#23056)
vitejs/vite: CONTRIBUTING.md

> [!NOTE]
> The dev server's file watcher runs in polling mode during tests. Polling (chokidar) only registers a file as changed when its size differs or its mtime strictly increases. On some platforms a quick in-place rewrite may not report an advanced mtime, so an edit that keeps the exact same byte length can be missed, and the expected HMR update or rebuild never fires (causing flaky timeouts). To enforce this, `editFile` throws if your replacement leaves the file's byte length unchanged; make the edit change the size (for example by adding a trailing space or an extra character that doesn't affect the test's semantics). If you trigger a watched change by some other means, make sure the edit changes the file's byte length.

> Note: The test build environment uses a [different default set of Vite config](https://github.com/vitejs/vite/blob/v8.1.5/playground/vitestSetup.ts#L265-L269) to skip transpilation during tests to make it faster. This may produce a different result compared to the default production build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: The test build environment uses a [different default set of Vite config](https://github.com/vitejs/vite/blob/v8.1.5/playground/vitestSetup.ts#L264-L268) to skip transpilation during tests to make it faster. This may produce a different result compared to the default production build.
```
